Spelling fixes (#354)
onflow/flow: docs/content/concepts/service-account.mdx

## Governance

> Besides its special permissions, the Service Account is an account like any other in Flow. During the early phases of Flow's development, the account will cbe ontrolled by keys held by Dapper Labs. As Flow matures, the service account will transition to being controlled by a smart contract governed by the Flow community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides its special permissions, the Service Account is an account like any other in Flow. During the early phases of Flow's development, the account will be controlled by keys held by Dapper Labs. As Flow matures, the service account will transition to being controlled by a smart contract governed by the Flow community.
```
